# Visualization Part for Holmes Relationship

## OverView
Visualization part is a website displaying the final relationships using d3.js. There are multiple views and tricks to improve the user experience. The page shows the relationships in a tree map. 

[See here](http://120.77.40.25/d3/index.html)

### Purpose
Visualization can show the data more intuitively, helping the analysts do deep-dive investigations.

## Multiple Views
###### These three views can be used together.
#### Threshold View
When we set a threshold score, those nodes whose scores are greater than the threshold are displayed.
#### Artefact View
When we click the artefact’s name, the nodes with this feature are added to ( or deleted from ) the map.
#### Quick View
This view shows a histogram that displays the number of nodes in different segments of scores.
## Tricks
#### Collapsible
When we click on the branch node, the branch node’s leaf nodes are folded and also the branch node is filled with steelblue.
#### Zoomable
We can change the map scale by mouse wheel and also translate the map by dragging.
#### Tooltip
When we move the mouse to the leaf node, the tooltip shows the final score, the reason that two samples are related, and the degree of this relation.  
When we move the mouse to the branch node, the tooltip shows the branch name, the number of children in this branch, and the maximum score in this branch.
#### Visualization weight
In the whole map, the line weight is set according to the target node score.  
In each set, the nodes are sorted by the score.
## Data
At present, the JSON data generated by [JSON GENERATOR](http://beta.json-generator.com), `generate_json.js` is the script to generate the data.  
In the future, the JSON data will be generated from the final relationship table.
